Add info about amount precision (#223)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/finance.md

| `GrossValue` | number | optional | Gross value including all taxes. |
| `TaxValues` | array of [Tax Value](finance.md#tax-value) | optional | The tax values applied. |

> For most amounts, precision of values depends on `TaxPrecision` of [Enterprise](configuration.md#entreprise) or [Currency](configuration.md#currency) precision. But in some cases, precision can be higher.

Reviewer: I would maybe just move it under the header dont we do it that way @jirrick ?

Reviewer 2: Yep, that makes sense.

> For most amounts, precision of values depends on [Currency](configuration.md#currency) precision or Tax precision, based on [Pricing](configuration.md#pricing) of the enterprise. But in some cases, precision can be higher.

Reviewer 2: Tax precision isn't serialized in Connector, how should partners know what that is. We need to extend `TaxEnvirnment` first so partners can get the information.

> For most amounts, precision of values depends on [Currency](configuration.md#currency) precision or Tax precision, based on [Pricing](configuration.md#pricing) of the enterprise. But in some cases, precision can be higher.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For most amounts, precision of values depends on `TaxPrecision` of [Enterprise](configuration.md#entreprise) or [Currency](configuration.md#currency) precision. But in some cases, precision can be higher.
```
